the three dotcom locks we present
karina is not
hello sir signs I'm
saying goodbye karina by chance, honey
if not
I would not know where to post no no no
hangover
as her mother demands her conch
hello that such good afternoon sr
how
hello I understood that there are tickets
[Music]
Do not break me but your legs are fine
old conch
do not
Y
if it's not tiny again
for the ball
a
Yes sir
but
hello my name
I was asking because he is
wonderful
Mr
how
[Applause]
If I wanted to comment on everything there was
happened without the lord
look my name is karim to god you loved him
they asked for me
good it turns out that a
publication in the diary by my phone
target that one of the digits
then but asking about me
but they really want to talk to me
I sing phone because in the diary
bugle they got wrong
if you published in the newspaper said
my phone and it turns out that they scored wrong
phone and they put this you me
He means because it is very similar to
get the calls asked by
what flour
of course you understand me
could you pass me the messages that you
they let me have a lot of violence that
threw out
those who called them but left us
how are we going sir do not lie to me sir
this letter because it speaks well of shit
stupid then of every no
message to each couple the same message
from now on speaking normally because
add me there
I'm not saying it's a mistake
daily
[Music]
they impute us it was time
but there is no goal that we have
to other side
[Music]
making the balls classic